All right.
So in order for this next section to work I've added a couple of images that I encourage you to use.
You can use your own images but I have attached a couple N.S.A..
So if you take a quick look at our folder structure we see inside of the SIRC folder inside of images.
We have these five images.
You are free to use those or use whatever images you'd like in this application.
This is going to be important when we sell the application.
So what do we want to do.
Let's make the nav bar a little bit nicer.
We're going to do most of that inside of our index that's the SS So let's take out the boiler plate
and add a background color to make this a little bit nicer than that standard white we'll add E6.
He says zero.
Can you give us a nice grayish color.
Well inside of here some navs styling.
We'll start with a class of Nambour and it's out of here with the cherry a little bit of margin bottom
in one room.
Since we're using bootstrap for we want to use these relative measurements
We'll also make sure that any links inside of our nav bar have a font weight.
Bold one it those links pop a little bit in the number.
What's also added a bit of styling for the nav bar.
Any time when you hover over a list item inside of there what the color of white will give that a text
decoration.
Underline should be underlined.
We hover over and also look at a cursor a pointer.
So if we hover over it will look a lot nicer like that yours right.
Right here on the left let's add a couple of other things that we have.
We want to make sure inside of our nav bar anytime we have images we want to make sure those display
nicely as well.
So any images inside of our nav bar brand will use the direct descendant selector will add a display
of him on block so we can add some with or height on it.
We'll get that a little bit with 20 Edsels And what about it a radius to make it a little more circular
of two pixels.
If there are any images inside of our Gnab our brand now will be styled a little bit more nicely.
Let's also add a little bit of margin on the bottom of two pixels and we'll give it a little margin
of five pixels.
We're really just adding some generic styling giving a little breathing room between our elements.
This you can customize on your own.
I'm just going to start with a bit of boilerplate to make it look a little bit nicer.
What else do we want here.
We're going to add one more to give R U L and R with the items a little bit more breathing room.
So that's a well with a class of NAV nav bar nav inside a list item.
We're going to make sure that we have a lower margin.
We'll get that from the top of zero on the bottom zero and left and right we'll give that half around
going to be a couple more to go here.
So I had a class of onboarding that was our wrapper class that we saw in our HABCHI s.
So inside onboarding any nav bar and even the class of Napp are inside of there.
We had a background image that is going to be our first background image we're going to use that's going
to you are all from flash images flash navs slash BD Dappy N.G. and we'll give that a background size
of 100 percent make sure that covers the entire nav bar.
Make sure you get a semicolon there let's go see that and take a look at the styling.
And we're making some progress we see that we're home with a nice linear gradient that we have in the
background.
But we need to clean up those lost items a little bit.
We need a little bit more us to make those horizontal instead of vertical.
So for now let's keep this as will change just a little bit with some know.
Right now we don't have the warbler logo.
We'll put that in a little bit.
So inside of an hour let's go change a little bit of our HD now instead of our NAV bar.
You want to bring in our wonderful warbler logo.
So how are we going to import that logo.
Well we can do that using an import statement.
So we're going to import a logo from Doctor flash images slash warbler dash logo ducky Angie.
And where are we going to put this logo.
Or we can use that as our SIRC attribute.
So inside of our container fluid we'll add another div with a class of nav bar header.
So a little bit more bootstrap styling that we need.
And let's change that SIRC from an empty string to that specific logo.
Make sure you get those quotes out of there.
So GSX can evaluate what that variable is and we do this correctly we should see the warble logo there
is.
Will move us in the middle but right now let's keep it where it is.
How about this.
What's that smell.
Some things will be incorrect with my container fluid.
I want to make sure that I just make sure that I have those two inside of there and that's good.
But it looks like I have a small issue with the way that my container fluid is set up.
I want make sure that this did this closing is not where it is but actually right before the closing
of the Nav. so that everything is laid out horizontally that's going make those line up correctly to
make sure teener fluid encompasses everything.
And that just encompasses where the logo is.
So it made the bar a little bit nicer.
So those things aren't actually displaying a color of white when we hover over.
So what are we doing incorrectly here.
What's the why that might not be the case inside of a class of nap or anything.
That's a list item that we hover over should have a color of white.
So was it not the case.
Well we do have a class of number and we do have list items.
So how can this child isn't applying.
Well let's go to the crumbed of tools and debugfs So it's go take a look at one of those and let's go
see in the computer tab that the color is coming from reboot.
US looks like my style below is being overwritten.
So that's the case.
Well of hover is a little bit more specific than our list item of power.
So let's go change this.
Yes.
As to not be a list of ever.
But in a other.
And we were first page we can hover over and now we're getting that white collar.
This is just some specificity concerns with the SS McCrum dev tools are really wonderful to help us
debug that.
Let's also make sure that the links on our own have a color of white so inside whenever we have a knob
bar with any anchor tag that's a hover.
It's white but also lets make sure that any of our anchor tags on their own are white as well.
So now they're white makes it look a little bit better.
So use the elements tab to debug some of your CSSA issues to look at the computed section.
You can also click on a specific style and take a look at computed.
You can also take a look at Styles and click on to see those hover States as well.
If you want to debug what it looks like when that element is being hovered over super super helpful
when debugging you see us use these tools as much as he can.
So he built a bit of a cleaner and as far we haven't done too much with the idea.
But it's looking a lot better.
And the next action we're going to add a component to display the home page we're going a style that
as well and get started more working with react and read us.